Making changes to Contributing.MD (#246)
chaoss/governance: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to CHAOSS
👍🎉 First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! 🎉👍

## What is this document?

This document outlines a generic process of contributing and applies to all CHAOSS repositories. Each repository may have unique guidelines specific to the project, but this document serves as a primer for what is required when contributing to CHAOSS. Use your best judgement, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request

## Who can contribute?

Anyone can contribute to CHAOSS on any of our communication channels. See <https://chaoss.community/participate/> to learn more about how to participate.

## Which channel should I use?
CHAOSS uses the following channels for contributions:
- Mailing Lists
- Community calls

> - Working group calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Working group calls
- GitHub
```

### Conversations and high-level contributions (email, call, face to face)

Strategic directions, clarifications of scope, and ideas in an early stage are best discussed on the mailing list, calls, and face-to-face meetings. See <https://chaoss.community/participate/>.

### Bug report and feature request contributions (issue)

Bug reports and specific feature requests are best discussed in an issue on the repository they pertain to. You can do this by creating a issue and explaining what bug you found in the comment section. The conversation moves from there.

### Code or document change contributions (GitHub User Interface)

Changes can be made from within the GitHub user interface. As a non-maintainer, GitHub will create a fork under your name and ask that you create a pull request. The pull request lets the repository maintainers know of your change and provides a space to discuss the change.

Every commit needs a [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/) (DCO).

> A DCO sign-off is accomplished by writing into the commit comment field.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DCO sign-off is accomplished by writing into the commit comment field:
```

`Signed-off-by: Your Name <YourName@example.org>`   

> It should be noted that the angled brackets **< >** are to be ingored when typing your email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be noted that the angled brackets `<` and `>` need to be included with the email.
```

> This process can be automated by using a browser plugin like [scottrigby/dco-gh-ui](https://github.com/scottrigby/dco-gh-ui). This plugin is non intrusive and works only on GitHub. Yu would need to input your registered GitHub email address in the email field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process can be automated by using a browser plugin like [scottrigby/dco-gh-ui](https://github.com/scottrigby/dco-gh-ui). This plugin is non intrusive and works only on GitHub. You would need to input your registered GitHub email address in the email field.
```
